# A360BLCM
Automation Anywhere Complement to transport bots among Control rooms

Privacy Policy  
==============

Last updated: September 29, 2022

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection,
use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You
about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the
Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with
this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy has been created with the help of the
[TermsFeed Privacy Policy Generator](https://www.termsfeed.com/privacy-policy-
generator/).

Interpretation and Definitions  
==============================

Interpretation  
--------------

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined
under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same
meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

Definitions  
-----------

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

  * Account means a unique account created for You to access our Service or
    parts of our Service.

  * Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this
    Agreement) refers to A360BLCM.

  * Cookies are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or
    any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing
    history on that website among its many uses.

  * Country refers to: Peru

  * Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a
    cellphone or a digital tablet.

  * Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or
    identifiable individual.

  * Service refers to the Chrome Extension.

  * Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the
    use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example,
    the duration of a page visit).

  * Website refers to A360BLCM, accessible from
    <https://github.com/Roggee/A360BLCM>

  * You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company,
    or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or
    using the Service, as applicable.


Collecting and Using Your Personal Data  
=======================================

Types of Data Collected  
-----------------------

Personal Data  
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally
identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You.
Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

  * Usage Data

Usage Data  
~~~~~~~~~~

Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.

Usage Data may include information such as web page host visited and authentication information.

We only collect information about the authentication and web page address on which the extension is working.

We do not collect information regarding other than the previously stated.

Tracking Technologies and Cookies
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

We use Cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on Our
Service and store certain information. Tracking technologies used are beacons,
tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze
Our Service. The technologies We use may include:

  * Cookies or Browser Cookies. A cookie is a small file placed on Your
    Device. You can instruct Your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate
    when a Cookie is being sent. However, if You do not accept Cookies, You
    may not be able to use some parts of our Service. Unless you have adjusted
    Your browser setting so that it will refuse Cookies, our Service may use
    Cookies.

Cookies can be "Persistent" or "Session" Cookies. Persistent Cookies remain on
Your personal computer or mobile device when You go offline, while Session
Cookies are deleted as soon as You close Your web browser. You can learn more
about cookies on [TermsFeed
website](https://www.termsfeed.com/blog/cookies/#What_Are_Cookies) article.

We use only Persistent Cookies for the purposes set out below:

  * Functionality Cookies

    Type: Persistent Cookies

    Administered by: Us

    Purpose: These Cookies allow us to remember choices You make when You use
    the Website, such as remembering your login details or language
    preference. The purpose of these Cookies is to provide You with a more
    personal experience and to avoid You having to re-enter your preferences
    every time You use the Website.

For more information about the cookies we use and your choices regarding
cookies, please visit our Cookies Policy or the Cookies section of our Privacy
Policy.

Use of Your Personal Data  
-------------------------

The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

  * To provide and maintain our Service , including to monitor the usage of
    our Service.

  * To contact You: To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other
    equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile
    application's push notifications regarding updates or informative
    communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted
    services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for
    their implementation.
	

Security of Your Personal Data  
------------------------------

The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no
method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is
100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect
Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Children's Privacy  
==================

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly
collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13.
If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided
Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have
collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification
of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our
servers.

If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information
and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's
consent before We collect and use that information.

Links to Other Websites  
=======================

Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us.
If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's
site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You
visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy
policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

Changes to this Privacy Policy  
==============================

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any
changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior
to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top
of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this
page.

Contact Us  
==========

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

  * By email: percyvillajulcar@gmail.com


